Add optional `importer` parameter to `this.emitFile` (#3442)
rollup/rollup: docs/05-plugin-development.md

The generated code that replaces `import.meta.ROLLUP_FILE_URL_referenceId` can be customized via the [`resolveFileUrl`](guide/en/#resolvefileurl) plugin hook. You can also use [`this.getFileName(referenceId)`](guide/en/#thisgetfilenamereferenceid-string--string) to determine the file name as soon as it is available

> If the `type` is *`chunk`*, then this emits a new chunk with the given module `id` as entry point. To resolve it, the `id` will be passed through all [`resolveId`](guide/en/#resolveid) hooks, just like regular entry points. If an `importer` is provided, this acts as the second parameter of `resolveId` and is important to properly resolve relative paths. If it is not provided, paths will be resolved relative to the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `type` is *`chunk`*, then this emits a new chunk with the given module `id` as entry point. To resolve it, the `id` will be passed through build hooks just like regular entry points, starting with [`resolveId`](guide/en/#resolveid). If an `importer` is provided, this acts as the second parameter of `resolveId` and is important to properly resolve relative paths. If it is not provided, paths will be resolved relative to the current working directory.
```

Dunno if this is better/worse. Up to you.

Author: 👍
